[FR/EN] Add `Mapping Techniques/Basics`, `Formations`, `Jumps`, `Making Good Sliders`, improvement of EN files (#5655)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Mapping_Techniques/Making_Good_Sliders/en.md

> <!-- TODO: need to be rewrite, the article being very old -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Needs to be rewritten, the article does not match with other articles (writing style, formatting).
Also check if the article matches with ASC. See #5729 for more informations -->
```

<!-- TODO: Needs to be rewritten, the article does not match with other articles (writing style, formatting).
Also check if the article matches with ASC. See #5729 for more informations -->

# Making good sliders

This article is a how-to on making good sliders.
In the most basic form, all you need is a [bézier curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%A9zier_curve).

From [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335),

> always align slider endpoints to the smallest possible value - that is, if you drag them any further backwards, the slider will shorten. the point will center itself in the slider end and will make attaining passable curves much easier to accomplish.

> Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. Which is a good thing.

Reviewer: revert as it is a part of the citation

> Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. Which is a good thing.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. 
Which is a good thing.
```

<!-- TODO: Needs to be rewritten, the article does not match with other articles (writing style, formatting).
Also check if the article matches with ASC. See #5729 for more informations -->

# Making good sliders

This article is a how-to on making good sliders.
In the most basic form, all you need is a [bézier curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%A9zier_curve).

From [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335),

> always align slider endpoints to the smallest possible value - that is, if you drag them any further backwards, the slider will shorten. the point will center itself in the slider end and will make attaining passable curves much easier to accomplish.

>  Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. 

Author: ```suggestion
  Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. 
```

> 
> Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. 
> Which is a good thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. 
  Which is a good thing.
```

>  Which is a good thing.

Author: ```suggestion
  Which is a good thing.
```

In the most basic form, all you need is a [bézier curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%A9zier_curve).

From [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335),

> always align slider endpoints to the smallest possible value - that is, if you drag them any further backwards, the slider will shorten. the point will center itself in the slider end and will make attaining passable curves much easier to accomplish.

> Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up.
> Which is a good thing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, doing this makes reverse selection on sliders not fuck them up. Which is a good thing.
```

![Image example of loops](img/MGS_loops.png)

The things to remember when forming loops is that the points go up a lot further than the loop does:

- The further each point is from the ends, the further away it needs to be from the slider.

> The biggest problem we can see with mapper loops are the holes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The biggest problem often seen in loops are the holes.
```
